Yes, very much it's your Kon'nichiwan course this time
Boo
It is distributed by ecd Happiness charter first of Precure
Introducing the Nuance Road of Paul Star Split Card
me
Yeah I
All stars pre-card 9 is so this time with yes
Same as Cure Heart
Because it is a seal, it can not be used as a pre-card unless the seal is peeled off
Shell has already been peeled Yes card divided into tops and bottoms like this
I know
Overlapped I think Love Heart Arrow and happened like this properly is it has become a Sword
And it's such a feeling when you repeat the jewelry We do not fit very much
This is not you have a decent also Well color basis in and of cure Princess Highlands
I wonder
Hairstyle says sherbet ballet , but this hair decoration is of the dumplings
I because it puts in place
And Hime-chan This is a cosplay feeling
And Megumi-Chan I'm somewhat cosplay-like, I think it's still a normal figure
It's kind of cosplay-like, yes, so using sherbet ballet
I think that I want to voice confirmation
Then the machine is a sword
Sherbet Masu Koreiki
ana
That's right, the sound is with you today
It is fun Arere apparel Well Wa'
The music of the transformation bank of pounding Pretty has flowed
This was totally with Cure Heart Yes and last time good
If you use the cards of these princesses turn over and use the all-stars sound trick
Things
I said there was
I thought it would be a little time to turn it over and use it
It has been cut into this same shape
It is a plastic version
So I would like to check the voice a little using this
It's a bit clumsy but I'll go
roo
Ah ah ah perl
The tree is a sword
I dare ya statement came out is Zerifu decided Tteyuu Sword
Noa Prechen Miller After all it is amazing
In Mochotto It is this painting surface is scary like noppera-bÅ
All star impossible card weapon this time because it is yes Sword
We did not have a release schedule yet, and we fixed our hand with tg 3
I want more, so also might or not enter the
So it might be better to do the dcd is Thank you for viewing
Was
Also thank you next time
I will do that
me
Hmm